# Cohere Model

[ ](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/edit/main/docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.lmcohere.md "Edit this page")

# Cohere Model node#

Use the Cohere Model node to use Cohere's models.

On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Cohere Model node, and links to more resources.

This node lacks tools support, so it won't work with the [AI Agent](../../root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.agent/) node. Instead, connect it with the [Basic LLM Chain](../../root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.chainllm/) node.

Credentials

You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/cohere/).

Parameter resolution in sub-nodes

Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.

Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` resolves to each name in turn.

In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` always resolves to the first name.

## Node Options#

  * **Maximum Number of Tokens** : Enter the maximum number of tokens used, which sets the completion length.
  * **Sampling Temperature** : Use this option to control the randomness of the sampling process. A higher temperature creates more diverse sampling, but increases the risk of hallucinations.



## Templates and examples#

[Browse Cohere Model integration templates](https://n8n.io/integrations/cohere-model/), or [search all templates](https://n8n.io/workflows/)

## Related resources#

Refer to [LangChains's Cohere documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/integrations/llms/cohere/) for more information about the service.

View n8n's [Advanced AI](../../../../../advanced-ai/) documentation.

## AI glossary#

  * **completion** : Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
  * **hallucinations** : Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
  * **vector database** : A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
  * **vector store** : A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.

Was this page helpful? 

Thanks for your feedback! 

Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our [GitHub repo](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs). 

Back to top 
