# Motorhead

[ ](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/edit/main/docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.memorymotorhead.md "Edit this page")

# Motorhead node#

Use the Motorhead node to use Motorhead as a [memory](../../../../../glossary/#ai-memory) server.

On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Motorhead node supports, and links to more resources.

Credentials

You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/motorhead/).

## Node parameters#

  * **Session ID** : Enter the ID to use to store the memory in the workflow data.



## Node reference#

Parameter resolution in sub-nodes

Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.

Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` resolves to each name in turn.

In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` always resolves to the first name.

## Templates and examples#

[Browse Motorhead integration templates](https://n8n.io/integrations/motorhead/), or [search all templates](https://n8n.io/workflows/)

## Related resources#

Refer to [LangChain's Motorhead documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/integrations/memory/motorhead_memory) for more information about the service.

View n8n's [Advanced AI](../../../../../advanced-ai/) documentation.

## Single memory instance#

If you add more than one Motorhead node to your workflow, all nodes access the same memory instance by default. Be careful when doing destructive actions that override existing memory contents, such as the override all messages operation in the [Chat Memory Manager](../n8n-nodes-langchain.memorymanager/) node. If you want more than one memory instance in your workflow, set different session IDs in different memory nodes.

## AI glossary#

  * **completion** : Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
  * **hallucinations** : Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
  * **vector database** : A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
  * **vector store** : A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.

Was this page helpful? 

Thanks for your feedback! 

Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our [GitHub repo](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs). 

Back to top 
