# Redis Chat Memory

[ ](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/edit/main/docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.memoryredischat.md "Edit this page")

# Redis Chat Memory node#

Use the Redis Chat Memory node to use Redis as a [memory](../../../../../glossary/#ai-memory) server.

On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Redis Chat Memory node supports, and links to more resources.

Credentials

You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/redis/).

Parameter resolution in sub-nodes

Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.

Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` resolves to each name in turn.

In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` always resolves to the first name.

## Node parameters#

  * **Session Key** : Enter the key to use to store the memory in the workflow data.
  * **Session Time To Live** : Use this parameter to make the session expire after a given number of seconds.
  * **Context Window Length** : Enter the number of previous interactions to consider for context.



## Templates and examples#

**Conversational Interviews with AI Agents and n8n Forms**

by Jimleuk

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/2566-conversational-interviews-with-ai-agents-and-n8n-forms/)

**Build your own N8N Workflows MCP Server**

by Jimleuk

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/3770-build-your-own-n8n-workflows-mcp-server/)

**Telegram AI Bot-to-Human Handoff for Sales Calls**

by Jimleuk

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/3350-telegram-ai-bot-to-human-handoff-for-sales-calls/)

[Browse Redis Chat Memory integration templates](https://n8n.io/integrations/redis-chat-memory/), or [search all templates](https://n8n.io/workflows/)

## Related resources#

Refer to [LangChain's Redis Chat Memory documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/integrations/memory/redis) for more information about the service.

View n8n's [Advanced AI](../../../../../advanced-ai/) documentation.

## Single memory instance#

If you add more than one Redis Chat Memory node to your workflow, all nodes access the same memory instance by default. Be careful when doing destructive actions that override existing memory contents, such as the override all messages operation in the [Chat Memory Manager](../n8n-nodes-langchain.memorymanager/) node. If you want more than one memory instance in your workflow, set different session IDs in different memory nodes.

## AI glossary#

  * **completion** : Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
  * **hallucinations** : Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
  * **vector database** : A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
  * **vector store** : A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.

Was this page helpful? 

Thanks for your feedback! 

Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our [GitHub repo](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs). 

Back to top 
